	A Denial of Service (DoS) attack is different from a DDoS attack. The DoS attack typically uses one computer and one Internet connection to 
flood a targeted system or resource. The DDoS attack uses multiple computers and Internet connections to flood the targeted resource. DDoS attacks 
are often global attacks, distributed via botnets.	
	DDoS is short for Distributed Denial of Service. DDoS is a type of DOS attack where multiple compromised systems, 
which are often infected with a Trojan, are used to target a single system causing a Denial of Service (DoS) attack. Victims 
of a DDoS attack consist of both the end targeted system and all systems maliciously used and controlled by the hacker in the distributed attack.
In a DDoS attack, the incoming traffic flooding the victim originates from many different sources – potentially hundreds of thousands 
or more. This effectively makes it impossible to stop the attack simply by blocking a single IP address; plus, it is very difficult 
to distinguish legitimate user traffic from attack traffic when spread across so many points of origin.
	There are many types of DDoS attacks. Common attacks include the following:
	Traffic attacks:
		Traffic flooding attacks send a huge volume of TCP, UDP and ICPM packets to the target. Legitimate requests get lost 
and these attacks may be accompanied by malware exploitation.
	Bandwidth attacks:
		This DDoS attack overloads the target with massive amounts of junk data. This results in a loss of network bandwidth 
and equipment resources and can lead to a complete denial of service.
	Application attacks:
		Application-layer data messages can deplete resources in the application layer, leaving the target's system services unavailable.
Examples:
	Ransomware:Cyber criminals threaten to launch a DDoS attack on an organization’s site unless the organization pays a ransom fee of $XXX in Bitcoin,
or Cyber criminals infect machines in a network with crypto-ransomware that encrypts all files, then demand a ransom fee to unlock the files.
	Smruf Attack:The Smurf attack is a distributed denial-of-service attack in which large numbers of Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) 
packets with the intended victim's spoofed source IP are broadcast to a computer network using an IP broadcast address. Computers will respond to 
this by sending a reply to the source IP address.The victim's computer will be flooded with traffic.It  can slow down the performance of victim's computer.
	Fraggle Attack:It works very similarly to the Smurf attack in that many computers on the network will respond to this traffic by 
sending traffic back to the spoofed source IP of the victim, flooding it with traffic.
	SYN Flodding Attack:It is a form of denial-of-service attack in which an attacker sends a succession of SYN requests to a target's system 
in an attempt to consume enough server resources to make the system unresponsive to legitimate traffic.


