1. Express.js :
	Express is a web application framework for Node.js, released as free and open-source software under the MIT License. 
	It is designed for building web applications and APIs.
	It has been called the de facto standard server framework for Node.js.
	Express is the backend component of the MEAN stack, together with the MongoDB database software and AngularJS frontend framework.

2. Koa.js :
	Koa.js is a telescoping call stack that allows adding new features to the call. You can customize the code as per 
the requirement. To improve readability of the application koa.js uses generators for middle ware flow control and to efficiently 
deal with call backs. The use of generators eliminates all the callback complexities by enhancing error handling capacity.

3. Total.js :
	Total.js Total.js is a MVC framework for building responsive web apps using HTML, CSS, and Java script. This NodeJS framework 
works well with front-end frameworks such as AngularJS, ReactJS, Ember, Bootstrap, and Backbone.js. It is compatible with database, such 
as MongoDB, CouchDB, SQLite, PostgreSQL, and MYSQL.

4. Flatiron :
	Flatiron is yet another Node.js MVC web application framework. What sets Flatiron apart from other frameworks is its package-based approach. 
Since it gives the power and freedom to decide how much or how little the framework should include, developers can pick and choose the packages they want to
work with and include with their project. 
	It handles a lot of the basic data management responsibilities and CRUD for you by supplying a powerful ODM that takescare of a lot of the heavy lifting.

5. Mojito :
	Mojito is a JavaScript framework based on Yahoo! Cocktails, a mobile application development platform introduced by Yahoo! Developer Network.

6. Meteor :
	Meteor is an open-source, model-view controller (MVC) framework for building websites and web/mobile applications. 
	The framework supports OS X, Windows, and Linux. It allows writing both client and server parts of an application in JavaScript. 
	Meteor's inbuilt set of pre-written, self-contained modules makes writing application codes. Moreover, its reactive programming model allows 
creating applications using lesser JavaScript code. Besides, Meteor is a powerful framework for building real-time applications. Popular applications 
built using Meteor are Respondly (a team collaboration app), Blonk (Job search mobile App) and more.

7. Hapi :
	A rich framework for building applications and services.
	Hapi enables developers to focus on writing reusable application logic instead of spending time building infrastructure.
	hapi is a simple to use configuration-centric framework with built-in support for input validation, caching, authentication, and other 
essential facilities for building web and services applications.

8. Locomotive :
	Locomotive is a Node JS framework for building web applications. With its significant support to MVC patterns and REST principles ,it enable 
developers to build well-architected applications. 
	
9. Sails.js :
	Sails.js is another MVC microframework that’s great for data-heavy enterprise-grade apps, and it’s built off of Express.js. 
	It’s used for HTTP requests, with some Ruby on Rails-inspired magic. 
	Its MVC pattern is based on Express and Socket.IO and is ideal for writing data-oriented applications and real-time features like 
a chat application. 
	It’s also compatible with a ton of front-end frameworks, like AngularJS. Where it differs (and shines) is its API structure, automatically
generating RESTful JSON models with support for websockets and HTTP.

10. Derby :
	Derby is a model-view controller (MVC) JavaScript framework for both client-side and server-side. 
